Generate 40 multiple-choice questions (MCQs) in "multi" type format for Big Data Storage and Management.

Requirements:
- Each question must have "type": "multi" (even if only one correct answer)
- Balance the question type ratio (multi and single)
- Match the style and vibe of the sample questions below
- Wrong options must be plausible but definitively incorrect (avoid obviously wrong distractors)
- Provide detailed explanations without citation
- Mix question styles: "Which are wrong?", "What are features of...?", "Which statements are correct?", etc.
- Make sure options is 0-indexed

Sample questions for reference:
[
    {
        "type": "multi",
        "question": "Which of the following statements are wrong?",
        "options": [
            "NoSQL requires pre-defined database schema.",
            "NoSQL allows dynamic database schema.",
            "There are SQL engines for running SQL statements over NoSQL."
        ],
        "answer": [
            0
        ],
        "explanation": "NoSQL databases are specifically designed to be schema-less or allow for dynamic schemas, meaning they do not require a pre-defined schema. The other two statements are factually correct (NoSQL allows dynamic schemas, and tools like Hive, Spark SQL, or Phoenix allow SQL queries over NoSQL stores)."
    },
    {
        "type": "multi",
        "question": "What are the features of Spark structured streaming?",
        "options": [
            "It still processes data streams as a sequence of small RDD batches.",
            "Conceptually, it treats the stream as a continuously growing table of data records.",
            "Periodically, querying the stream only returns the results of the query for newly arrived records."
        ],
        "answer": [
            1
        ],
        "explanation": "The defining concept of Spark Structured Streaming is that it treats a live data stream as an unbounded table that is being continuously appended. Option 1 describes the legacy 'Spark Streaming' (DStreams) model, not Structured Streaming. Option 3 is incorrect because the output depends on the mode (e.g., 'Complete' mode returns the entire updated table, not just new records)."
    }
]

Output format: JSON array with identical structure to samples above.